So let's start working on that shopping list for them.
As I mentioned I want to use the template driven approach.
So in the shopping list added component here we already got our form element up you're now in trouble
already.
Take control over this and already get the forms module added in AB module by default.
We of course will need this too.
So with the form year we now can start working on our form controls.
I will get rid of these local references.
I will no longer use that approach.
I will also get rid of D-Calif listener on the Add button instead.
I want to use Angie's submit to submit the form and then call on add item here.
I also will get access to the form created by Engler and as you learn we can get access by placing a
local reference on the form element.
And now this would give us access to the form element itself but by setting is equal to energy forum
we get access to this javascript object Engler created behind the scenes and now we can simply pass
this object to this on an item Meffert.
So that is how we can submit the form but we also should register some controls.
We get a couple of controls here.
Let's start with the first one here on the name control.
I will assign a name so the name attribute of name.
So a lot of names here but of course the name between quotation marks is the name of the property will
later have in this form object a singular created and I will assign ngi model to this input so that
we register it as a control in our template driven form.
Now for the second input the name will be a mound and then I'll also add and model and make sure that
you imported from forms module.
Otherwise this is not available so we should Dave this control added to our form to and the Add button
here will submit the form because it's only button of type submit.
The other two buttons are of type button so in on an item in this typescript file now I no longer will
use my element refs here so I can remove these declarations here.
I can get rid of the view child an element ref import and I can get rid of these two lines where I extract
the data.
I still want to create a new ingredient but now we will simply get the form here and it will be of any
forms of this type.
Since this is the form we will get the value of the form on the value property.
Now we can simply use the value and access name to get the name of the ingredient and value amount to
get the amount because name and amount wurden names we specified here in our template on these input
elements.
Well let's see if this works.
If it's saved us and we go back to the shopping list and scurf is still running purify at bread one
that looks good works like before but now using the better approach of using the built in tools and
therefore building a better form.
Now we can also take advantage of validation and so on and that is something I will do in the next lecture
.